Refresh the README info (#248)
kowainik/summoner: README.md

![wizard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8126674/44388234-320aac00-a55a-11e8-879d-5dca68512031.png)
[![Build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/kowainik/summoner.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/kowainik/summoner)
[![Hackage](https://img.shields.io/hackage/v/summoner.svg)](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/summoner)
[![MPL-2.0 license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MPL--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kowainik/summoner/blob/master/LICENSE)

> _So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and
> then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable._
>
> Christopher Reeve

> Summoner is the tool for scaffolding fully configured batteries-included production Haskell projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summoner is a tool for scaffolding fully configured batteries-included production Haskell projects.
```

> Do you want to create a library that is to be uploaded to the Hackage/Stackage, that builds with both Cabal and Stack and supports the latest three major GHC versions?

Reviewer 2: to be uploaded to ~~the~~ Hackage/Stackage

> Do you want to create a library that is to be uploaded to the Hackage/Stackage, that builds with both Cabal and Stack and supports the latest three major GHC versions?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do you want to create a library to be uploaded to Hackage/Stackage, that builds with both Cabal and Stack and supports the latest three major GHC versions?
```

Or you are building a production application which uses a custom prelude and has CI with Travis Linux and AppVeyors Windows checks?

> Summoner can help you to do all of that with minimal effort from you - it can even upload the project to GitHub if you want to!

Reviewer 2: Summoner can help you ~~to~~ do all ~~of~~ that with minimal effort...

> Summoner can help you to do all of that with minimal effort from you - it can even upload the project to GitHub if you want to!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Summoner can help you to do all of that with minimal effort from you - it can even upload a project to GitHub if you want to!
```

> Summoner can help you to do all of that with the minimal effort from your side and also it can upload the project to GitHub if you want to!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summoner can help you to do all of that with minimal effort from you - it can even upload the project to GitHub if you want to!
```

> By the way, Summoner operates as either CLI or TUI application, so you can choose what you're more comfortable with and install only the required one.

Reviewer 2: Summer is available to be used as either CLI or TUI (we should probably add image or something here or later on that would give a side-by-side view/comparison of both UIs)

and install the UI you require (the one that suits you best)

## Structure

* [Demo](#demo-)
    + [TUI demo](#tui-demo-)
    + [CLI demo](#cli-demo-)
    + [Scaffolded project structure](#scaffolded-project-structure-)
* [Features](#features-)
* [Get started](#get-started-)
    + [Prerequisites](#prerequisites-)
    + [Installation](#installation-)
        + [Summon-TUI](#summon-tui-)
          + [TUI: from source](#tui-from-source-)
        + [Summon-CLI](#summon-cli-)
          + [CLI: from Hackage/Stackage](#cli-from-hackagestackage-)
          + [CLI: from source](#cli-from-source-)
    + [Setup](#setup-)
* [Usage](#usage-)
    + [Command-line arguments](#command-line-arguments-)
    + [File configuration](#file-configuration-)
    + [TUI](#tui-)
    + [CLI](#cli-)
* [For Developers](#for-developers-)
    + [Build](#build-)
    + [Test](#test-)
    + [Run](#run-)
* [Changelog](#changelog-)
* [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments-)

## Demo [↑](#structure)

### TUI demo [↑](#structure)

TODO: TUI demo asciinema

### CLI demo [↑](#structure)

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/198918.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/198918)

### Scaffolded project structure [↑](#structure)

> This is the example of the project hierarchy you can get if you're running Summoner with all options enabled:

Reviewer 2: This is ~~the~~ an example

```
project-name/
├── app/
│   └── Main.hs
├── benchmark/
│   └── Main.hs
├── src/
│   ├── ProjectName.hs
│   └── Prelude.hs
├── test/
│   └── Spec.hs
├── CHANGELOG.md
├── CONTRIBUTING.md
├── LICENSE
├── project-name.cabal
├── README.md
├── Setup.hs
├── stack.yaml
├── appveyor.yml
├── .git
├── .gitignore
├── .stylish-haskell.yaml
└── .travis.yml
```

You can also see complete examples in the following folder:

* [`summon-cli/tests/golden`: Examples of scaffolded projects](https://github.com/kowainik/summoner/tree/master/summoner-cli/test/golden)

> Directory `smallProject` contains an example of the straightforward package, and `fullProject` shows generated project with more advanced structure and more features.

Reviewer 2: `fullProject` shows *a* generated project with a more advanced structure and more features.

## Features [↑](#structure)

> Summoner is the tool that combines the predefined configurations, command-line arguments and chosen interface.

Reviewer 2: Summoner is ~~the~~ a tool that combines ~~the~~ predefined configurations, command-line arguments and *a* chosen interface.

> To fully understand the power in your hands with the help of Summoner, please, check out this section.

Reviewer 2: no need for comma after `please`

Below you can see highlighted features in different categories.

### Project [↑](#structure)

> + Cabal and Stack build tools support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Support for Cabal and Stack build tools.
```

+ Ability to pick stanzas (library, executable, test-suite, benchmark).

> + Option to include an alternative prelude, if desired. The project then would use [`base-noprelude` technique](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/Prelude), and `Prelude` module would be added to the library target.

Reviewer 2: The project would then use ...

... and the `Prelude` module would be ...

> + Option to include an alternative prelude, if needed. The project then would use [`base-noprelude` technique](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/Prelude), and `Prelude` module would be added to the library target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Option to include an alternative prelude, if desired. The project then would use [`base-noprelude` technique](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/Prelude), and `Prelude` module would be added to the library target.
```

+ Whole Hackage-upload checklist support.

> + Support of the multiple GHC versions, with the thoughtful reflection on project meta, base versions (e.g. `base >= 4.9 && < 4.12`), etc.

Reviewer 2: Support ~~of the~~ for multiple GHC versions, with ~~the~~ thoughtful reflection on ....

> + Different license support: MIT, BSD2, BSD3, GPL-2, GPL-3, LGPL-2.1, LGPL-3, AGPL-3, Apache-2.0, MPL-2.0, None (All Rights Reserved license without file).

Reviewer 2: can replace different with `multi-` or `multiple`

+ Creation of the `CHANGELOG.md` file with [PVP versioning policy](https://pvp.haskell.org).
+ Ability to include your `.stylish-haskell.yaml` file.

> + Usage of the `ghc-options` field with the sensible defaults.

Reviewer 2: with ~~the~~ sensible defaults

  -Wall
  -Wincomplete-uni-patterns
  -Wincomplete-record-updates
  -Wcompat
  -Widentities
  -Wredundant-constraints      (ghc >= 8.0)
  -fhide-source-paths          (ghc >= 8.2.2)
  -Wmissing-export-lists       (ghc >= 8.4.1)
  -Wpartial-fields             (ghc >= 8.4.1)
  ```

  Besides, the following GHC options are added to the executable, tests and benchmark stanzas:

  ```
  -threaded
  -rtsopts
  -with-rtsopts=-N
  ```

### GitHub [↑](#structure)

+ Initialisation of the git repository inside the project folder.
+ Initial commit creation.
+ Uploading the repository to GitHub.
+ Exhaustive `.gitignore` file.
+ Formation of the `README` file with Hackage, Stackage and CI badges.
+ Linking to the GitHub repository in the `.cabal` file.
+ Ability to include your `CONTRIBUTING.md` file.

### CI [↑](#structure)

+ Generation of the `.travis.yml` file that runs build and tests on CI under Linux.
+ Configuration matrix on CI to build with multiple GHC versions and various build tools.
+ `-Werror` is enabled on CI not to miss any warnings.
+ Run HLint checks on CI.
+ Generation of the `appveyor.yaml` file which runs build and tests on CI under Windows.

### Others [↑](#structure)

> + Ability to create a project in the offline mode.

Reviewer 2: in ~~the~~ offline mode

##### TUI: from source [↑](#structure)

Fetch the repo using `cabal`:

```shell
cabal get -s summoner
```

or clone the directory from GitHub:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/kowainik/summoner.git
```

Step into the directory:

```haskell
cd summoner
```

Build and install using `cabal`:

```shell
cabal new-install summoner-tui:exe:summon-tui
```

Build and install using `stack`:

```shell
stack install summoner-tui:exe:summon-tui
```

#### Summon-CLI [↑](#structure)

##### CLI: from Hackage/Stackage [↑](#structure)

Using `cabal`:

```shell
cabal new-update
cabal new-install summoner
```

Using `stack`:

```shell
stack install summoner
```

##### CLI: from source [↑](#structure)

Fetch the repo using `cabal`:

```shell
cabal get -s summoner
```

or clone the directory from GitHub:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/kowainik/summoner.git
```

Step into the directory:

```haskell
cd summoner
```

Build and install using `cabal`:

```shell
cabal new-install summoner-cli:exe:summon
```

Build and install using `stack`:

```shell
stack install summoner:exe:summon
```

### Setup [↑](#structure)

> You can turn on the bash auto-completion by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: turn on ~~the~~ bash auto-completion ...

```shell
source <(summon --bash-completion-script `which summon`)
```

## Usage [↑](#structure)

> To start `summon`ing projects nothing additional is required. However, for the more customizable setting, you can use additional configuration settings.

Reviewer 2: However, to tweak your settings further  *OR* for more customized settings

> There are several options how to set the particular configurations for the new projects (in priority increasing order):

Reviewer 2: There are several options you can use to set ~~the~~ particular configurations for ~~the~~ new projects (in increasing order of priority)

1. Default configuration file (`~/.summoner.toml`).
2. Explicitly specified configuration file by `--file FILENAME` option (used instead of the default one if specified).
3. Options that are stated by CLI arguments.
4. User input. It could be
    * **TUI** – User data specified in the window of `summon-tui`.
    * **CLI** – Interactively inputted answers during execution of the `summon` command (for the options that were not specified on previous steps).

> Cut a long story short, the configuration uses [Partial Options Monoid Pattern](https://medium.com/@jonathangfischoff/the-partial-options-monoid-pattern-31914a71fc67).

Reviewer 2: To cut a long story short,

### File configuration [↑](#structure)

> Here is the list of the options that could be configured for your needs. If options are not specified, they are asked interactively (or some sensible defaults are used).

Reviewer 2: options that ~~could~~ can be configured to suit your needs.

| `bench`          | Bool    | Create `benchmark` folder with `Main.hs` file with [`gauge`](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/gauge) library usage example?                                       |
| `extensions`     | [Text]  | List of the default extensions to add into `default-extensions` section in the `.cabal`.                                                                             |
| `warnings`       | [Text]  | List of the default checks and warnings to add into `ghc-options` section in the `.cabal`.                                                                           |
| `stylish.*`      | Text    | `stylish.file` to provide the absolute file path OR `stylish.url` to download the `.stylish-haskell.yaml` file to use in the project.                                |
| `contributing.*` | Text    | `contributing.file` to provide the absolute file path OR `contributing.url` download OR `contribuint.link` to link the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file to use in the project. |
|`[prelude]`       |         |                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `package`        | Text    | Name of the package of the custom prelude you'd like to use in the project (doesn't work without `module` field).                                                    |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `package`        | Text    | The package name of the custom prelude you'd like to use in the project (doesn't work without `module` field).                                                    |
```

> | `module`         | Text    | Name of the module of the custom prelude you'd like to use in the project (doesn't work without `package` field).                                                    |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `module`         | Text    | The module name of the custom prelude you'd like to use in the project (doesn't work without `package` field).                                                    |
```

  -h, --help               Show this help text
```

For example, the following command preconfigures the project settings with the custom prelude `relude`, included library, executable, test stanzas (but without benchmarks), creates a private repository on GitHub with the Travis CI and AppVeyor CI integrated.

```shell
summon new my-project with -letgcpw without -b --prelude-package relude --prelude-module Relude
```

### TUI [↑](#structure)

#### TUI new command [↑](#structure)

TODO: screenshot

> The TUI window opens with the filled in information received from a config file and command-line arguments. However, it's possible to change any field you would like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TUI window opens with the pre-filled information received from a config file and command-line arguments. However, it's possible to change any field you would like.
```

> The TUI window opens with the pre-filled information received from a config file and command-line arguments. However, it's possible to change any field you would like.

Reviewer 2: However, it's possible to change any field as per your needs.

> At the screenshot you can see that you'll be given a few text fields to fill in or some checkboxes to represent boolean values of the configurations. To help you fill in the correct input, there are some ⓘ info messages in the `Errors` section, which give additional details on the current field.

Reviewer 2: In the screenshot, you can see ... some checkboxes that represent boolean... 

additional details ~~on~~ about the current field.

| <kbd>Tab</kbd>                    | Change the focus to the next active field                                            |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Change the focus to the previous active field                                        |
| <kbd>Space</kbd>                  | Enable/disable current checkbox or radio button                                      |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>d</kbd>    | Delete the input of the current text field                                           |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>u</kbd>    | Delete the input of the current text field from the cursor position to the beginning |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>k</kbd>    | Delete the input of the current text field from the cursor position to the end       |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>a</kbd>    | Move the cursor to the beginning of the current input field                          |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>e</kbd>    | Move the cursor to the end of the current input field                                |
| <kbd>Up</kbd>/<kbd>Down</kbd>     | Scroll license list when focused                                                     |

> Note, that the form should be valid in order to be able to go to the Confirm window. If there are some errors in the input you could see the information about these errors in the `Error` section of the form.

Reviewer 2: Note that the form ... 

If there are some errors in the input, you will see details about these errors in the `Error` section of the form.

#### TUI show command [↑](#structure)

These commands display the list of supported GHC versions or Licenses. Also, when the license name is specified the window with the scrollable content of the License text is shown.

### CLI [↑](#structure)

#### CLI new command [↑](#structure)

> In CLI mode of operation Summoner asks about every project setting. Most of the questions contain default values, so you can press <kbd>Enter</kbd> to choose a default value.

Reviewer 2: Most of the questions contain a default value, so you can press `Enter` to choose the default value. (singular here because I am assuming that per question there would be one default value)

If some option is specified via a configuration file or CLI arguments, then the question is skipped and the predefined value is used.

#### CLI show command [↑](#structure)

> These commands display the list of the supported GHC versions, or Licenses. Also, when the license name is specified the content of the License is outputted to the terminal.

Reviewer 2: list of ~~the~~ supported ..

when the license name is specified, the content of the license is ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These commands display the list of supported GHC versions, or Licenses. Also, when the license name is specified, the content of the License is outputted to the terminal.
```

## For Developers [↑](#structure)

> If you'd like to take part in the development processes here are few specialities to keep in mind:

Reviewer 2: development process,  here are a few things to keep in mind :

> * Summoner is the multi-package project which has two packages inside: `summoner-cli` and `summoner-tui`. We are supporting the same functionality in both of them, so, if it's possible, you should add/change the code in both of the packages.

Reviewer 2: Summoner is ~~the~~ a multi-package....

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Summoner is a multi-package project which has two packages inside: `summoner-cli` and `summoner-tui`. We are supporting the same functionality in both of them, so, if it's possible, you should add/change the code in both of the packages.
```

* Summoner uses the custom prelude [`relude`](https://github.com/kowainik/relude).

> * We are using [Kowainik style guide](https://github.com/kowainik/org/blob/master/style-guide.md#haskell-style-guide).

Reviewer 2: We are using *the* [Kowainik style guide]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We are using the [Kowainik style guide](https://github.com/kowainik/org/blob/master/style-guide.md#haskell-style-guide).
```

* To sum up, [here is the Contributing guide](https://github.com/kowainik/org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-to-the-kowainik-repositories) we use across the repositories.

> * This project is contributors-friendly, so be kind to other people working on the project.

Reviewer 2: is contributor-friendly

### Build [↑](#structure)

To build the project you can use the following commands:

```shell=
cabal new-build all
```

for Cabal and

```shell=
stack build
```

for Stack.

### Test [↑](#structure)

> Summoner uses the golden tests technic for assuring the correctness of the generated files. For this purpose, we have [the folder](https://github.com/kowainik/summoner/tree/master/summoner-cli/test/golden) with two sample projects to test against.

Reviewer 2: golden tests technique 

[the folder] can be changed to "the [golden] folder"

> To actually run tests you need to

Reviewer 2: need to run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To actually run tests you need to run : 
```

```shell
cabal new-test all
```

or

```shell
stack test
```

### Run [↑](#structure)

> Building Summoner with the suggested way creates two executables: `summon` and `summon-tui`. To run the compiled executable you can use the following commands:

Reviewer 2: suggested way -> recommended method

```shell
cabal new-exec summon -- SOME_COMMAND
cabal new-exec summon-tui -- SOME_COMMAND
```

or

```shell
stack exec summon -- SOME_COMMAND
stack exec summon-tui -- SOME_COMMAND
```

## Changelog [↑](#structure)

> Each package has it's own changelog:

Reviewer 2: has its own changelog (extra apostrophe)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each package has its own changelog:
```
